Fix issue #5155: [Resolver] Could we get a .md of tips for the .openhands_instructions file? (#5163)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: docs/modules/usage/how-to/github-action.md

1. [Create a repository variable](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/writing-workflows/choosing-what-your-workflow-does/store-information-in-variables#creating-configuration-variables-for-a-repository) named `OPENHANDS_MACRO`
2. Assign the variable a custom value

## Writing Effective .openhands_instructions Files

> The `.openhands_instructions` file is crucial for guiding OpenHands in understanding and working with your repository effectively. Here are key tips for writing high-quality instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.openhands_instructions` file is a file that you can put in the root directory of your repository to guide OpenHands in understanding and working with your repository effectively. Here are key tips for writing high-quality instructions:
```

### Core Principles

1. **Concise but Informative**: Provide a clear, focused overview of the repository that emphasizes the most common actions OpenHands will need to perform.

2. **Repository Structure**: Explain the key directories and their purposes, especially highlighting where different types of code (e.g., frontend, backend) are located.

3. **Development Workflows**: Document the essential commands for:
   - Building and setting up the project
   - Running tests
   - Linting and code quality checks
   - Any environment-specific requirements

4. **Testing Guidelines**: Specify:
   - Where tests are located
   - How to run specific test suites
   - Any testing conventions or requirements

> ### Best Practices
> 
> 1. **Environment Setup**:
>    - List all prerequisites (e.g., Node.js, Python versions)
>    - Include package manager commands (e.g., npm, poetry)
>    - Document required environment variables
> 
> 2. **Code Organization**:
>    - Explain the project's architecture
>    - Highlight important configuration files
>    - Note any code generation or build processes
> 
> 3. **Quality Standards**:
>    - Document code style requirements
>    - Specify linting and formatting tools
>    - Include pre-commit hook configurations
> 
> 4. **Common Operations**:
>    - List frequently used development commands
>    - Provide examples of typical workflows
>    - Include troubleshooting tips for common issues
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
